index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
---

### Overview

This webpage gathers information about the upcoming Humanoids 2022 tutorial about mc\_rtc.

In this tutorial, we will introduce mc\_rtc, the new features introduced in the 2.0 version and provide an interactive class where we will program a virtual humanoid robot to walk and use visual servoing.

If you are interested to attend this tutorial, please refer to the [preparation section]({{site.baseurl}}/prepare/). We will expect you to come prepared for the interactive class and will assist you in the process if needed.

You can learn more about mc\_rtc on its [website](https://jrl-umi3218.github.io/mc_rtc).

### Attending online

If you are planning to attend the tutorial online, please [contact us]({{site.baseurl}}/contact/) so we can invite you to an online meeting where the tutorial will be held simulatenously with the physical tutorial.

### When

The tutorial will be held on November 28, 2022. From 9 AM to 5 PM, Japan time (GMT+9).

### Where

TBA

### Organizers

<p>
{%- capture organizers -%}{%- include organizers.markdown -%}{%- endcapture -%}
{{ organizers | markdownify }}
</p>

### Sponsors

The work presented in this tutorial has been partially supported by the Research Project I.AM. through the European Union H2020 program under GA 871899.

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center;">
  <div style="flex: 50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/iam.png" alt="European Union H2020 Research Project I.AM. logo" />
  </div>
  <div style="flex: 50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/michelin.svg" alt="Michelin Research logo" />
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Add information on the location

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
---

### Overview

This webpage gathers information about the upcoming Humanoids 2022 tutorial about mc\_rtc.

In this tutorial, we will introduce mc\_rtc, the new features introduced in the 2.0 version and provide an interactive class where we will program a virtual humanoid robot to walk and use visual servoing.

If you are interested to attend this tutorial, please refer to the [preparation section]({{site.baseurl}}/prepare/). We will expect you to come prepared for the interactive class and will assist you in the process if needed.

You can learn more about mc\_rtc on its [website](https://jrl-umi3218.github.io/mc_rtc).

### Attending online

If you are planning to attend the tutorial online, please [contact us]({{site.baseurl}}/contact/) so we can invite you to an online meeting where the tutorial will be held simulatenously with the physical tutorial.

### When

The tutorial will be held on November 28, 2022. From 9 AM to 5 PM, Japan time (GMT+9).

### Where

Room B3 at the Okinawa Convention Center. See [Humanoids 2022](https://www.humanoids2022.org/general-information/venue) website for more information.

### Organizers

<p>
{%- capture organizers -%}{%- include organizers.markdown -%}{%- endcapture -%}
{{ organizers | markdownify }}
</p>

### Sponsors

The work presented in this tutorial has been partially supported by the Research Project I.AM. through the European Union H2020 program under GA 871899.

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center;">
  <div style="flex: 50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/iam.png" alt="European Union H2020 Research Project I.AM. logo" />
  </div>
  <div style="flex: 50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/michelin.svg" alt="Michelin Research logo" />
  </div>
</div>
